jh update documentation (#198)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F14-3/tp: docs/team/jhchee18.md

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Include `Interview` as one of the fields of `Application`.

>     * What it does: `Interview` contains its own fields, including `Round`, `InterviewDate`, `InterviewTime` and `Location`. All of them which in turns are included into a separated list to be displayed on the GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * What it does: `Interview` contains its own fields, including `Round`, `InterviewDate`, `InterviewTime` and `Location`, all of which are in turn included into a separated list to be displayed on the GUI.
```
